---
title: "This Course 076"
date: 2019-12-05T13:36:30+02:00
draft: false
---

I decided to take this course, as I was missing one (1) credit from my
thesis and this seemed interesting. I am writing my thesis about
DevOps, so ROI should be okay :]

I feel that DevOps done right (eg. really applied and not just
advocated) is a good way to make software development less wasteful
and alleviate the deployment pain. In my thesis research I found
interesting book about [DevOps and it's
impact](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35747076-accelerate). The
main thesis of Accelerate is that succesfully applied DevOps culture
has measurable impact on the business performance of a company. This
is relevant, as if one wants to have an impact (positive or negative)
to the world, it is crucial to have skillful means to achieve that impact.

And as a coder that impact will be partly done via software, and that
software has to be deployed to produce value. No amount of cool
software rotting in a private repo can save the world. And arguably
world-saving-software is quite rare (maybe value-aligned AGI could be
such software). Our real problems are not in the domain of software,
but in the domain of politics and economics. We are in the mess of
Climate Change because of neolibral capital economics. And if nothing
changes, this will be the doom of humankind and most of animals and
fungi. Bacteria and virii will probably survive our self-afflicted
apocalypse.

We will see, if DevOps has any role to play in fixing this mess.
